Move Ninja and pngquant to development dependencies (#5568)
GenericMappingTools/gmt: BUILDING.md

Install for building GMT documentation and running tests (not required for general use):

- [Sphinx](http://www.sphinx-doc.org) (>=1.8, for building the documentation)
- [GraphicsMagick](http://www.graphicsmagick.org/) (for running the tests)

> - [Ninja](https://ninja-build.org/) (Small build system focused on speed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Ninja](https://ninja-build.org/) (optional, build system focused on speed)
```

> - [pngquant](https://pngquant.org/) (Optimize PNG images in the documentation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [pngquant](https://pngquant.org/) (optional, for optimizing PNG images in the documentation)
```
